there you are holding his hand I am
almost dying to understand
and I cherish you right don't know that
you are my life even though i tried i
can let go something in your eyes
capture my soul and every night I see
you in my dreams you're oh I know I
can't let go just cast aside you don't
even know I'm alive you just walk on by
don't care to see me cry but here I am
still oh no I can t say my world is gone
no no even though I tried I can't let go
something in your eyes capture my soul
cuz i have at night I see you in my
dreams yo oh I know I can
let go oh do you leave on realize the
sorrow I have inside every day of my
life do you know the way it feels when
all you have just as I try and try to
deny that I need you but still you
remain on my mind yeah no no I just
can't get you out of my mind I never can
say goodbye for the every night I see
you in my dreams yo I know I can't let
you go no even though I tried I can't
let you go something in your eyes
captured my soul oh and every night I
see you in my dreams baby you're old I
know I can't let go yo oh I know I can't
let you go
yay